todo.md, before:

# VCLib ToDo list

- Mesh:
  - Concepts:
    - [ ] complete space data structures concepts
    - [ ] implement per edge concepts
  - Components:
    - [ ] Make the Component class use the CRTP and remove from all the components the isEnabled member function 
          (and, in general, all the members that use this)
    - [ ] the setVertices, setAdj*s that take as input a vector should take as input a range
    - [ ] write and comment all the empty constructors of the components
    - [ ] reorganize keywords for optioal and availability checks of components:
      - [ ] enable/disable keywords should be used only when the component is optional
      - [ ] available keyword should be used when check the general availability of the component, regardless its optionality
            (e.g. in the requirements functions and in the component member functions)
  - Elements:
    - [ ] set properly elements concepts
    - [ ] set constructors for Edge element
  - Containers:
    - [ ] set properly container concepts
    - [ ] add clear and resize for each container of the mesh, adding warnings about potential undefined behaviours in the docs
  - Mesh:
    - [ ] manage clean() for all components of mesh, not only element containers
    - [ ] compactness should use uint and UINT_NULL instead of int and negative numbers 
- Exceptions:
  - [ ] MissingTriangularRequirementException and the other ones should be grouped in a single FaceSizeException class
- Algorithms:
  - [ ] take views arguments instead of vectors (e.g. for selection) - allows to be more general on algorithms
  - [ ] Implement importer/exporter from VCG
  - [ ] Implement importer/exporter from matrix
  - [ ] Implement importer/exporter from buffer
  - [ ] Shuffle algorithms should be all made using views
  - Point Sampling:
    - [ ] uniform all the function, that should take an out argument of birthVertices/birthFaces
    - [ ] weights input argument of all the function should be a range
- Space:
  - [ ] implement ArrayConcept that works also with Eigen matrices in 2D (see export_to_matrix in algorithms)
- External:
  - [ ] make render functions using bgfx
  - [ ] remove zip-iterator library when c++23 zip-view will be supported
- Documentation:
  - [ ] Explain appropriately the structure of the library

Commit message:

moving definitions in mesh/components/bit_flags.h

todo.md, after:

# VCLib ToDo list

- Mesh:
  - Concepts:
    - [ ] complete space data structures concepts
    - [ ] implement per edge concepts
  - Components:
    - [ ] Bit Flags member: import/exportFromVCGFlags must be renamed into import/exportFlagsFromVCG
    - [ ] Make the Component class use the CRTP and remove from all the components the isEnabled member function 
          (and, in general, all the members that use this)
    - [ ] the setVertices, setAdj*s that take as input a vector should take as input a range
    - [ ] write and comment all the empty constructors of the components
    - [ ] reorganize keywords for optioal and availability checks of components:
      - [ ] enable/disable keywords should be used only when the component is optional
      - [ ] available keyword should be used when check the general availability of the component, regardless its optionality
            (e.g. in the requirements functions and in the component member functions)
  - Elements:
    - [ ] set properly elements concepts
    - [ ] set constructors for Edge element
  - Containers:
    - [ ] set properly container concepts
    - [ ] add clear and resize for each container of the mesh, adding warnings about potential undefined behaviours in the docs
  - Mesh:
    - [ ] manage clean() for all components of mesh, not only element containers
    - [ ] compactness should use uint and UINT_NULL instead of int and negative numbers 
- Exceptions:
  - [ ] MissingTriangularRequirementException and the other ones should be grouped in a single FaceSizeException class
- Algorithms:
  - [ ] take views arguments instead of vectors (e.g. for selection) - allows to be more general on algorithms
  - [ ] Implement importer/exporter from VCG
  - [ ] Implement importer/exporter from matrix
  - [ ] Implement importer/exporter from buffer
  - [ ] Shuffle algorithms should be all made using views
  - Point Sampling:
    - [ ] uniform all the function, that should take an out argument of birthVertices/birthFaces
    - [ ] weights input argument of all the function should be a range
- Space:
  - [ ] implement ArrayConcept that works also with Eigen matrices in 2D (see export_to_matrix in algorithms)
- External:
  - [ ] make render functions using bgfx
  - [ ] remove zip-iterator library when c++23 zip-view will be supported
- Documentation:
  - [ ] Explain appropriately the structure of the library
