vclib/render/todo.md, before:

# VCLib-Render ToDo list

- General
  - [ ] qt headers and sources should be moved into vclib/processing/qt inside this module,
    and should be included only if vclib-processing target is available
  - [X] Manage polygonal meshes by DrawableMesh
  - [X] Fix build failure when the build directory is in the same directory as the source
  - [X] Add the possibility to check if BGFX is available in the system
    - [X] Devcontainers should have BGFX installed
  - [ ] Move BGFX from submodule to a CMake dependency
  - [ ] The DesktopTrackball should inherit from the Trackball
  - [ ] The AbstractViewer should not inherit from DesktopTrackball, but it should own it as a member.
- BGFX
  - [X] Fix FIXME #1 on example-01-viewer-qt
  - [ ] Fix FIXME #2 on example-04-hello-triangle-imgui-qt
  - [X] Fix 2 Qt windows with BGFX canvas.
  - [ ] Add possibility to update a subset of buffers for DrawableMesh
  - [X] Library shaders should be built as headers
  - [ ] assets and shaders should be compiled in headers that are in paths like
    'vclib/assets/' and 'vclib/shaders/' (right now they are in 'assets/' and 'shaders/')
  - [X] the first window used by the context to create the bgfx backend context should be
    the first window created by the application (right now it is a dummy window)
  - [X] Manage textures in DrawableMesh
  - [ ] Mesh info rendered as text with bgfx
  - [ ] Draw cross in DrawableTrackball
  - [ ] Manage wireframe and points depth in shaders
  - [X] Better management of canvas and viewer classes - qt and glfw share a lot of code (REFACTORING IN PROGRESS)
  - [X] Implement picking (raytracing to get the triangle clicked by the mouse?) Already implemented using depth reading
  - [ ] Customizable background for canvas
  - [X] check crash example 9015 mesh io stl (crashes if the bimba model (m1) is rendered)
  - [ ] Draw lines trough shader - Work in progress (BSc thesis)
  - [X] check retina resolution on macOS + GLFW
  - [X] fix trackball initial scale using GLFW
  - [X] fix event handling for the trackball using GLFW (metrics)
  - [X] streamline trackball rendering (avoid error-prone explicit updates)
  - [X] implement BGFX ImGui Rendering backend
  - [X] fix BGFX ImGui backend scaling issues with GLFW (macOS + ???)
  - [X] start integration of ImGUI along GLFW
  - [X] fix input handling for ImGui on GLFW
  - [X] add imgui opengl2 implementation
  - [X] eradicate fonts from bgfx imgui backend
  - [X] fix trackball bug on Qt implementation (pan after wheel zoom)
  - [X] fix event mapping for GLFW (it should be slightly different from Qt)
  - [X] solve trackball inconsistencies between motion and atomic operations
  - [X] fix trackball modifier keys on linux + GLFW
  - [X] implement depth reading (for trackball focus operation)
  - [X] implement trackball focus operation
  - [X] implement depth reading on legacy OpenGL
  - [X] create offscreen buffer for reading on demand
  - [X] make a uniform offscreen read buffer request for depth and color
  - [X] implement offscreen color rendering for the snapshot function
  - [X] implement 'offscreen' rendering on legacy OpenGL
  - [X] implement imgui platform backend for Qt
  - [X] check BGFX framebuffer creation for multiple windows and offscreen rendering
  - [X] fix timings in imgui qt platform backend (it seems solved)
  - [X] solve key modifiers inconsistency when using imgui and glfw (cannot reproduce anymore!)
  - [X] fix imgui qt double click
  - [X] fix BGFX LEAK: IndexBufferHandle 1 (max: 4096) on shutdown (SOLVED MISTERIOUSLY)
  - [X] change DesktopTrackball & ViewerI API to enable direct access to the Trackball functionalities + possible major class restructuring (REFACTORING IN PROGRESS)
  - [ ] update documentation of Canvas & co.
  - [ ] implement screenshot custom size (split rendering into multiple tiles)
  - [X] move MeshViewerImguiDrawer into library
  - [ ] move example 07 mesh-viewer-imgui in example 02

Commit message:

[render] add FIXME #3 for qt and bgfx-imgui

vclib/render/todo.md, after:

# VCLib-Render ToDo list

- General
  - [ ] qt headers and sources should be moved into vclib/processing/qt inside this module,
    and should be included only if vclib-processing target is available
  - [X] Manage polygonal meshes by DrawableMesh
  - [X] Fix build failure when the build directory is in the same directory as the source
  - [X] Add the possibility to check if BGFX is available in the system
    - [X] Devcontainers should have BGFX installed
  - [ ] Move BGFX from submodule to a CMake dependency
  - [ ] The DesktopTrackball should inherit from the Trackball
  - [ ] The AbstractViewer should not inherit from DesktopTrackball, but it should own it as a member.
- BGFX
  - [X] Fix FIXME #1 on example-01-viewer-qt
  - [ ] Fix FIXME #2 on example-04-hello-triangle-imgui-qt
  - [ ] Fix FIXME #3 on example-999-misc-broken-bgfx-imgui-qt (probably related with FIXME #2)
  - [X] Fix 2 Qt windows with BGFX canvas.
  - [ ] Add possibility to update a subset of buffers for DrawableMesh
  - [X] Library shaders should be built as headers
  - [ ] assets and shaders should be compiled in headers that are in paths like
    'vclib/assets/' and 'vclib/shaders/' (right now they are in 'assets/' and 'shaders/')
  - [X] the first window used by the context to create the bgfx backend context should be
    the first window created by the application (right now it is a dummy window)
  - [X] Manage textures in DrawableMesh
  - [ ] Mesh info rendered as text with bgfx
  - [ ] Draw cross in DrawableTrackball
  - [ ] Manage wireframe and points depth in shaders
  - [X] Better management of canvas and viewer classes - qt and glfw share a lot of code (REFACTORING IN PROGRESS)
  - [X] Implement picking (raytracing to get the triangle clicked by the mouse?) Already implemented using depth reading
  - [ ] Customizable background for canvas
  - [X] check crash example 9015 mesh io stl (crashes if the bimba model (m1) is rendered)
  - [ ] Draw lines trough shader - Work in progress (BSc thesis)
  - [X] check retina resolution on macOS + GLFW
  - [X] fix trackball initial scale using GLFW
  - [X] fix event handling for the trackball using GLFW (metrics)
  - [X] streamline trackball rendering (avoid error-prone explicit updates)
  - [X] implement BGFX ImGui Rendering backend
  - [X] fix BGFX ImGui backend scaling issues with GLFW (macOS + ???)
  - [X] start integration of ImGUI along GLFW
  - [X] fix input handling for ImGui on GLFW
  - [X] add imgui opengl2 implementation
  - [X] eradicate fonts from bgfx imgui backend
  - [X] fix trackball bug on Qt implementation (pan after wheel zoom)
  - [X] fix event mapping for GLFW (it should be slightly different from Qt)
  - [X] solve trackball inconsistencies between motion and atomic operations
  - [X] fix trackball modifier keys on linux + GLFW
  - [X] implement depth reading (for trackball focus operation)
  - [X] implement trackball focus operation
  - [X] implement depth reading on legacy OpenGL
  - [X] create offscreen buffer for reading on demand
  - [X] make a uniform offscreen read buffer request for depth and color
  - [X] implement offscreen color rendering for the snapshot function
  - [X] implement 'offscreen' rendering on legacy OpenGL
  - [X] implement imgui platform backend for Qt
  - [X] check BGFX framebuffer creation for multiple windows and offscreen rendering
  - [X] fix timings in imgui qt platform backend (it seems solved)
  - [X] solve key modifiers inconsistency when using imgui and glfw (cannot reproduce anymore!)
  - [X] fix imgui qt double click
  - [X] fix BGFX LEAK: IndexBufferHandle 1 (max: 4096) on shutdown (SOLVED MISTERIOUSLY)
  - [X] change DesktopTrackball & ViewerI API to enable direct access to the Trackball functionalities + possible major class restructuring (REFACTORING IN PROGRESS)
  - [ ] update documentation of Canvas & co.
  - [ ] implement screenshot custom size (split rendering into multiple tiles)
  - [X] move MeshViewerImguiDrawer into library
  - [ ] move example 07 mesh-viewer-imgui in example 02
